README.md, before:

# myshell

Quickly submit code and create your own running script

[简体中文](./README.zh.md) | English

## Usage

### install

```sh
npm i myshell -g
# then you can use with global command "ms"
```

```sh
npm i myshell -D 
# in some node project file, you can use command with "npx ms"
```

### ms

type "ms" on command line for options and help.

### ms commit

Use this commands to commit your git changes, we also provide a

simple command named "msc", the usage is same like "ms commit".

**example**

```sh
# e.g.1:
msc "feat: a new feature" "src/" -s -p
# the command will stash changes and pull origin, then fallback changes (-s)
# then add all changes in src/
# create a commit with message: "feat: a new feature"
# push to origin (-p)

# e.g.2:
msc -s
# the command will ask for some questions to complete commit message
# then stash changes and pull origin, then fallback changes
# create commit with comments

# e.g.3
msc
# the command will ask for some questions to complete commit message
# create commit with comments
# without option "-p", it wouldn't push to origin, you need to run "git push" by yourself
```

### ms template

Use this command to load your custom scripts. Then you can use `ms {your-command}` to run your commands.

**example**

```sh
ms template
# command will guide you to create your own scripts

ms template -h
# for more infomation
```

### ms cat \<command\>

```sh
ms cat <your own command>
# this command can display you command's source code
```

### ms edit \<command\>

```sh
ms edit <your own command>
# open a vim editor to edit your command source code
```

## Warning

Only `Mac OS` is been Supported now.

Commit message:

docs: update docs
supported windwos

README.md, after:

# myshell

Quickly submit code and create your own running script

[简体中文](./README.zh.md) | English

## Update Tips

now supported windows. Be caution that `ms edit` can't run in node, cmd or powershell, please use it in `git bash`.

## Usage

### install

```sh
npm i myshell -g
# then you can use with global command "ms"
```

```sh
npm i myshell -D 
# in some node project file, you can use command with "npx ms"
```

### ms

type "ms" on command line for options and help.

### ms commit

Use this commands to commit your git changes, we also provide a

simple command named "msc", the usage is same like "ms commit".

**example**

```sh
# e.g.1:
msc "feat: a new feature" "src/" -s -p
# the command will stash changes and pull origin, then fallback changes (-s)
# then add all changes in src/
# create a commit with message: "feat: a new feature"
# push to origin (-p)

# e.g.2:
msc -s
# the command will ask for some questions to complete commit message
# then stash changes and pull origin, then fallback changes
# create commit with comments

# e.g.3
msc
# the command will ask for some questions to complete commit message
# create commit with comments
# without option "-p", it wouldn't push to origin, you need to run "git push" by yourself
```

### ms template

Use this command to load your custom scripts. Then you can use `ms {your-command}` to run your commands.

**example**

```sh
ms template
# command will guide you to create your own scripts

ms template -h
# for more infomation
```

### ms cat \<command\>

```sh
ms cat <your own command>
# this command can display you command's source code
```

### ms edit \<command\>

```sh
ms edit <your own command>
# open a vim editor to edit your command source code
```
